Inspirational music playing in background...
Meet Gladys. Gladys has recently moved into Hilltop due to
needing increased support as she is living with dementia.
Last week Gladys was returned to the centre by police after
following some visitors as they left the centre.
Let’s check in with care worker Geoff and nurse Aroha
to see how Gladys is going now.
Aroha, I’m still worried about Gladys.
During the day we’ve noticed some improvement in her behaviour,
but unfortunately, she’s continuing to walk around
the corridors in the evening.
She’s very vocal and insists she has to go home.
Now you’ve completed an assessment of Gladys,
and we’ve tried some support strategies
can we start using a restrictive practice?
- Requirements for the use of restrictive practices are clear,
they must only be used as a last resort
as a temporary solution after all alternative behaviour support
care strategies have been used to their full extent.
In this module you’ll work with Geoff and his colleagues to
explore the use of alternative behaviour support care strategies.
You will consider how to plan, implement and evaluate care strategies to
reduce the number of times a behaviour occurs or has an impact,
and explore the need for consultation, documentation,
monitoring and reassessment of behaviour.
Scroll down to find out more about your learning.